Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well hello there, how are you
Johnny Roberts: I'm pretty good today about you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, I'm good, enjoying the sun.
Johnny Roberts: Little cloudy here, but it's warm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. That's all right. How are you feeling
Johnny Roberts: I feel good. Pretty good day today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get your antibiotics.
Johnny Roberts: I told me to just go ahead and keep going, what I'm doing. If it gets any worse will do. Somebody says, it seems to be getting better do what I'm doing awesome. No give you so many antibiotics.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and then it doesn't do any good. Anyways, because your body builds up an immune forum.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's not good either. Yeah, that's what he was saying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how's things going this week.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, not too bad.
Johnny Roberts: I got somebody outside Pitbull and moving, Jake.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got somebody outside that the pimple won't let in.
Johnny Roberts: Yep.
Johnny Roberts: Three o'clock on Wednesdays Fridays at one o'clock, so don't come around.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feeling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Emotionally
Johnny Roberts: Well, I'm doing all right.
Johnny Roberts: About it, just go on living. Yeah, that's what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's where you gotta do, huh.
Johnny Roberts: Well you guys and things you don't want to sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you handling the emotions from the last
Johnny Roberts: 20 years so now
Johnny Roberts: We're gonna be falling out. So I just left.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how do you feel around that scenario at this point.
Johnny Roberts: I don't even think about it anymore.
Johnny Roberts: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It didn't bring up any old issues when she passed.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, just a little bit of a couple here a couple there, you know, but I dealt with them. Like I said, I got drunk that one night I pretty much laid everything out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A couple fields here a couple feelers there nothing
Johnny Roberts: This will be my sister got into that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why did you say this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your sister tried to say what
Johnny Roberts: I did this and I did Dad, it was my fault. I did. I said, you know, why don't you fucking business. Pardon me. You just need to shut up. Get out of my face.
Johnny Roberts: So here you are.
Johnny Roberts: She didn't like what I had, say,
Johnny Roberts: Went got drunk with my little sister.
Johnny Roberts: He's the boss of everything.
Johnny Roberts: And she needs a boss about
Johnny Roberts: What she thinks she is
Johnny Roberts: my step dad moved to Florida to get the hell away from her.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, well, I call it my daddy. You know, I know my real dad, but he's been a dad. I've always had
Johnny Roberts: Pretty good crap. No more either he got tired of hearing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you came back home and you've been struggling with pneumonia and you're starting to feel better.
Johnny Roberts: Good time here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're having a really good time, man.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But at least you're getting better. You know what I mean. And every day, you'll feel better and better and that's a piece of healing from all this stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just really important to me that when you know the the hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of the loss pops up that you are able to feel it and walk through it. Don't try to run from it or hide from it or stuff it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just give yourself permission to deal with it. All right.
Johnny Roberts: Like I said, I talked to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it's a ladder.
Yeah, I guess.
Johnny Roberts: You gotta understand one thing I felt like when I was a kid, I was passed around for grandparents grandparents, Dad. Dad, mom, you know, you know what I mean. So
Johnny Roberts: I've dealt with a lot my life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it.
Johnny Roberts: And so the relationship with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your mom was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There your relationship with your mom was strained.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love the way that you are able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get to this piece of acceptance and just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is what it is. You know what I mean. And you can't change it. Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: What try
Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: I learned a long time ago.
Johnny Roberts: If you met me when I was in my 20s, you
Johnny Roberts: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're coming back from how I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Since you've been home, you've been able to stay sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're taking your meds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues come up with your meds.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. That's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any issues that you want to talk about today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The dogs eat your lunch.
Johnny Roberts: Yes, little bit rough
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're too big dog. What now, are they two big dogs.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, one Pitbull, and one. I don't know what it is.
Johnny Roberts: Looks like a cow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are the best ones.
Johnny Roberts: You're gonna get a foot in there but
Johnny Roberts: We found out yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had to
Johnny Roberts: Have a roommate had to
Johnny Roberts: crouch took off on him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh geez.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's no good.
Johnny Roberts: Now, which is only eight months old.
Johnny Roberts: And she was being a little bit but
Johnny Roberts: I can't really punish her that. She knows what she's doing something wrong should turn around, look at you. Then she halls, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She knows
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah, she knows she's very smart.
Johnny Roberts: Should get to be hard though she stayed out here looking at me going, oh yeah you talking about me or yeah
Johnny Roberts: What what I do have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: dogs go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take on the personality of their owners.
Johnny Roberts: Sometimes
I think
Johnny Roberts: I think he's got my
Johnny Roberts: Only doesn't want to sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is that all you've been wanting to do sleep.
Johnny Roberts: It's all over the last three weeks asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, trying to get over this pneumonia.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, shouldn't take you down.
Johnny Roberts: Like 12 pounds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Johnny Roberts: Didn't have no appetite.
Johnny Roberts: Was always thirsty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good enough something called a drink.
Johnny Roberts: I'll get up, go to the bathroom about every two minutes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How did you come to the conclusion that you needed to go go in, we throw it up or
Johnny Roberts: twice before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Having it
Johnny Roberts: Oh wow yeah what I had to do.
Johnny Roberts: A call it for working last two times, which is not hard out in winter all all winter long. You know,
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, building a house of like it. You don't have a lot of heat out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How to catch at this time. My feet get cold.
Hmm.
Johnny Roberts: I really don't know how I got it just time probably cold, cold, wet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What we're gonna say
Johnny Roberts: Only been out here hustling. When I was off the dope, you know,
Johnny Roberts: getting wet and cold.
Johnny Roberts: Now I'd walk home and a thunderstorm. One night, it was freezing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's about when I got it. That was
About
Johnny Roberts: This time last year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: I mean, I was soaking wet, all the way through.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Did he say that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: New Mexico.
Johnny Roberts: Doesn't get rain like normal people either don't
Johnny Roberts: We have going washes the call.
Johnny Roberts: Flow. Yep.
Johnny Roberts: The rain 10 minutes
Johnny Roberts: Or a race hard here when it rains.
Johnny Roberts: We don't get easy
Johnny Roberts: You know, we get a goalie washer. We don't get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long have you lived out in the desert.
20 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've experienced, quite a few.
Johnny Roberts: I watched it rain on one side and street and sunshine on the other side of the street.
Johnny Roberts: Right. Yep.
Johnny Roberts: That's a trip with
Johnny Roberts: Your side such on the other side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What a way to pick and choose.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's your plans for the week.
Johnny Roberts: I'm gonna go fish motor you're here. Soon as I get done.
Johnny Roberts: I got people calling me already. Want me to come over to yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure you take it easy and realize that you're still in that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Healing
Johnny Roberts: That's what I'm gonna do all the work.
Johnny Roberts: Behind
Johnny Roberts: All I gotta do is keep over to Bob or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're eating. Okay, you're, you're getting your appetite back and
Johnny Roberts: We always hungry now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In any, uh, any triggers pop up or cravings any issues with
Johnny Roberts: No, not really.
Johnny Roberts: Like I said, I was done with it. I'm done with it.
Johnny Roberts: No plan here or there. I mean, I'm done.
Johnny Roberts: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
And
Johnny Roberts: This is the way I am. It's, you know, I'm tired of something that I'm not going to keep doing it. Even if you know I quit. I can tell. Most of my friends. I said, I'm gonna quit watching city and I get what I want to quit. I'm going to quit went on for months now. I mean think about it anymore.
Johnny Roberts: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what are you gonna do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When your, your emotions are haywire. This week, are you going to regulate them.
Johnny Roberts: Do what now you was breaking up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I said, what are you going to do if your emotions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are unregulated this week. How are you going to manage them.
Johnny Roberts: Look at all we do.
Johnny Roberts: Our two dogs, take him for a walk.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was gonna say you can't get angry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Angry anger is
Johnny Roberts: Angry I try not to.
Johnny Roberts: Get vault. I can get bitchy
Johnny Roberts: But you don't want him to get angry.
Johnny Roberts: Most of my friends don't either.
Johnny Roberts: They don't like me and I get angry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like you when you get angry you
Johnny Roberts: Know, I've got a very bad temper that learn to control
Johnny Roberts: Like I said, I should the law Moore's across the road.
Johnny Roberts: You get mad at him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now you don't
Johnny Roberts: Want lately.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The last couple months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Last couple months.
Johnny Roberts: Or a different story now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Weed eaters. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, they are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm glad to see that you're getting better and that you're feeling better and you're getting back into your routine and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That this you know that this loss hasn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, got ya depressed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Depression has been okay
Johnny Roberts: Okay, you're depressed. You gotta let me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Johnny Roberts: We all all me.
Johnny Roberts: I have a Kindle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they know to when you're not okay. They feel it, you know.
Johnny Roberts: You sit here in my lap looking at and kind of cross eyed
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, they can be funny sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'll see you in group on Friday.
Johnny Roberts: Sure will
Johnny Roberts: Do, and I don't plan on doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Plan on, you're going to go either
Johnny Roberts: Pretty easy.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, you gotta do is they want to lock you up.
Johnny Roberts: Well, don't be looking at them funny right okay they're scared. It was all time.
Johnny Roberts: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I say, don't look at them funny.
Johnny Roberts: Attitudes around here.
Johnny Roberts: No, you don't look like the day they don't care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not good.
Johnny Roberts: You know, it says the land of enchantment. Nice. The land of entrapment calm crooked or sorry,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've heard that. And somebody says,
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah, well this this thing still stuck with the shitty 50s. We call it the committee.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: They're so they're slowly dying off. So we're slowly getting stuff built in this town.
Johnny Roberts: Everything else, we got like one bar now.
Johnny Roberts: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We got 900 900 restaurants. Yeah, but what do you have a Walmart.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, we got a super Walmart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Johnny Roberts: Do we got one more.
Johnny Roberts: Hardware
Johnny Roberts: Stores are still building more out of town.
Johnny Roberts: It's crazy, hotels, restaurants, that's what we got plenty of
Johnny Roberts: Times. We're. Right on. Right on the panhandle of Texas, and Mexico.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Johnny Roberts: Like an hour 10 minutes or 15 minutes. Love it. Now, and a half for Amarillo to
Johnny Roberts: 20 minutes to Texas line.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'd be easy to run across the border.
Johnny Roberts: The border.
Johnny Roberts: About four more hours straight down. I'd be cross the border.
Johnny Roberts: There are no spaces.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No more survey says no more spaces.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No more spaces.
Johnny Roberts: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no, no, no.
Johnny Roberts: Never had a problem with drinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's something called cross addiction that just because you haven't don't have a history of it doesn't mean that it's not something that can come up when we
When we make it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, in our head, our addiction can grab ahold of it too. So you just got to be really careful.
Johnny Roberts: Kelly Dixon. I got right now is tattoos.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are giving them.
Johnny Roberts: An Albuquerque to get them.
Johnny Roberts: Through tattoos. She's got her own business now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Johnny Roberts: She hates it when I show up, she does not like that. That to me at all.
Johnny Roberts: Because I've been doing it for 47 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: I tell her what she's doing wrong when she's done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't know that about you. I just learned something new about you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just learned something new about you.
Johnny Roberts: Was that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're an artist.
Johnny Roberts: That
Johnny Roberts: more ways than one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's pretty awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you make money at it.
Johnny Roberts: Sometimes when I do it.
Johnny Roberts: Sometimes I just
Johnny Roberts: Will be blocked.
Johnny Roberts: Because I don't really, really, really want to do to do
Johnny Roberts: I do a names. I hate doing tribal
Johnny Roberts: I got burnout years ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the, what's the one that you like the most
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: American
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: dream catcher.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got your name in a dream catcher wife.
Johnny Roberts: You can see
Johnny Roberts: Right here.
Johnny Roberts: I can't see it. You see it.
Johnny Roberts: You see it now.
Johnny Roberts: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Data can't put the phone like this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can see it a little bit. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you do that.
Johnny Roberts: No, I drew it up my spreadsheet hates doing tattoos.
Johnny Roberts: We just got my name in
Johnny Roberts: It says Little Bear.
Nice.
Johnny Roberts: Room.
Johnny Roberts: Well, talk to you on Friday. Then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you in group and just keep doing what you're doing. I'm glad you're feeling better and you're getting better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're getting better. OK. OK.
Johnny Roberts: I will see you. Will you have a great one.
You too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye, Johnny.